[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai
To prevent Cell from achieving
his perfect form, Piccolo
powered up to the limit
in an effort to
destroy Android 17.
However, as the battle between
these two
evenly-matched warriors
raged on,
the resulting fireworks
soon attracted
some unwanted attention.
♪ OPENING SONG ♪
[NARRATOR]
Cell He's here...!
I was so caught up in the
battle I didn t
sense him coming...
Okay Now who is this freak?
[PICCOLO THINKS] Wait--
you mean these androids
don t know about Cell?
[PICCOLO THINKS] So they don t
know they re his target!
[CELL LAUGHS]
Finally, there they are,
a feast for the eyes.
The two androids that I will
absorb to complete my design
and realize my perfect form.
[CELL]
Number 17...
...and Number 18...
[CELL]
Hmm?
And who is this one?
Since he wears the mark
of the Red Ribbon Army,
I can only assume that means
he is also an android
built by Doctor Gero...
Well, if thats true,
he must be an older model.
Hes of no concern.
[CELL GROWLS AND LAUGHS]
[CELL BEGINS TO POWER UP]
[MANIACAL LAUGHTER MIXES WITH
GHOSTLY CHATTER]
[CELL LAUGHS]
Oh and...Piccolo...
[CELL]
Just one warning
This time, stay out of my way.
[CELL LAUGHS]
You've managed to power up
even more than I d imagined...
How many thousands
of innocent people
did you have to absorb, Cell?!
Oh... (heh!)...
A few... though I d
say they should
all feel honored...
I ve made them
one with perfection.
What?!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[OCEAN TIDE ROLLING IN]
[ROSHI GRIMACES]
This just keeps getting worse...
How are they supposed to
hold off Cell when
he's got power like that?
I... don t think they can...
It's all over
and there s not a thing
we can do about it.
Bulma's android shutdown
device could still help,
but even if she s flying
at top speed
it's going to be another
twenty minutes
before she gets here.
Okay, so have any of you
geniuses thought about flying
out to meet her halfway?
[CHICHI]
It'd be faster than just
standing around here,
wouldn t it?
That's right!
Was it really that
hard to figure out...?
If you guys trained your brains
half as much as your muscles...
Look, you can lecture
us later, okay...?!
I ll go find Bulma
and grab the controller.
I ll be back in a flash!
[TIEN]
Alright...
...then I m going
out to help Piccolo!
Heh?
Even if I can t do anything,
it beats standing
here feeling useless!
[ROSHI]
Wait...! Tien...! No, come back!
He's just asking for trouble
But... I get it...
If I was a few years younger,
I d probably do the same thing.
Hard to believe this
helpless old man used to be
the greatest martial
artist in the world...
Goku... it's all up to you now,
son, you have to hurry back...
Even if you can do a
years worth of training
in a single day...
I'm afraid a day might be more
time than we have to spare...
[CHICHI THINKS]
Goku... Gohan...
[GOKU THINKS]
Come on, Vegeta. Where are you?
You know, we re kind of in the
middle of something here
So whoever you are
...you'll just have to wait
until I m finished with him.
No, 17...!
Don't underestimate him,
he s dangerous!
He came here to absorb you!
[PICCOLO]
Move!
What?
A surprise attack
Now that's just rude.
Who is this freak...?
And what do you mean
he wants to absorb me ?
I ll keep it simple...
You re looking at another one
of Doctor Gero s creations,
built by the computer
back in his secret lab.
[PICCOLO]
Only he s not complete yet.
To reach his final form,
he needs to absorb you
and 18 into his body.
What was that?
Yes, it s all true...
Once I ve completed my design,
I will become a superbeing
of unimaginable power,
the likes of which the universe
has never known...
Join me, and help
me fulfill our father s
lifelong ambition to
create the perfect warrior!
I think I ve heard
enough of this nonsense
Doctor Gero already
created the perfect warrior...
He s standing right here...
Why would I wanna join with you?
[CELL] What you want
makes little difference.
Like it or not
you will be absorbed.
We ll just have
to see about that.
Bring it on.
[ANDROID 16]
No, Seventeen! Retreat!
His power is much
greater than yours!
You cannot win!
If we allow him to reach
his perfect form
he will not be satisfied
with merely defeating Goku
He will threaten
the entire universe!
How about that...
You finally decide to open
that big metal trap of yours,
and it s to tell me to run away.
[ANDROID 17 SNICKERS]
Not a chance!
I don t run from anyone!
[PICCOLO]
Stop!
Stay back!
[CELL LAUGHS]
[PICCOLO]
Why you...
What is this?
Are 17 and the Namekian
holding back for some reason?
Negative They lack the power
to penetrate the
enemy s defenses.
You should run, Eighteen...
...while you can.
Seventeen chooses to
ignore my warnings,
but it is true that if
you and he are absorbed,
Cell will be unstoppable...
This world will be his.
And what about you, 16...?
Aren't you coming?
No...
They got him...!
Guess you were wrong.
No, negative...
Cell did not take
any damage in that blast.
So... that s it...
If Cell blocked that...
...then... none of our
attacks are gonna work.
Hurry, 17! Run!
No... It's all over.
[CELL CHUCKLES]
No... He killed him.
Piccolo... No...
We were too late...
[MISTER POPO'S VOICE SHAKING]
Oh Kami...
Gohan...
[GOKU]
Wait, Gohan!
No let me go...! He needs me!
Piccolo needs me...!
I might not be
too late to save him!
--I have to try! I have to!
--[GOKU] No, son.
--[GOKU] I can t let you do it.
[GOHAN SCREAMS]
[GOKU]
If you go down there now,
you wouldn't last two seconds
against Cell. It s no use.
[GOHAN WEEPS]
[GOKU THINKS] What is taking
you so long, Vegeta?
[GOKU THINKS]
You should have been there...!
[ROCKET ENGINES FIRING]
[BABY TRUNKS MAKES
PLAYFUL BABY GIBBERISH]
Ah...! No, Trunks!
Give that back to Mommy
It s not a toy...
we ll be in trouble if
that gets broken, okay
[MORE BABY TRUNKS BABY TALK]
Uh oh. Whoops.
Aww, it s alright, Trunks
Don t cry...
Here... Look, Trunks...!
How about you play
with this phone instead...!
Yeah see it s neat huh ?
Wait this will be even better
Let s see if we can get
Roshi or Krillin to pick up.
They have silly voices
That ll be fun!
Hey... It s Bulma! Hello...?
Anybody there?
[ROSHI ON PHONE]
Oh, Bulma. Good.
See...? Silly.
Now listen... Where are you?
Have you seen Krillin yet?
[BULMA ON PHONE]
What? Krillin?
[BULMA]
No, but let me look.
No sign of him...
[ROSHI ON PHONE]
Well, keep your eyes peeled.
He should be there
to get the controller
any second.
Oh, really...?
Good, that ll be a big help.
Trunks is starting to get fussy,
so I should get him home soon.
Sure... But you know,
that s not really why
we re in a hurry here.
Cell is about to get his
hands on 17 and 18...!
If we don t switch
them off right away,
it's gonna be
lights out for all of us!
[BULMA] Gotcha.
Then I ll pick up the pace
til we spot Krillin.
We ll find him!
Kay... Ready, Trunks...?
Now it s mommy s
turn to play...!
[BABY TRUNKS LAUGHS]
[CELL] So much for the
mighty Piccolo (heh heh).
But what about you?
Think you can do better?
[CELL CHUCKLES]
No...! I can't just
sit here and do nothing...!
I m going down there!
Got it...?!
I m... done waiting!
But... why, Dad...?
I told you not to go.
So, what we just sit here
and let Cell take
over the whole world?!
[MISTER POPO]
Gohan...
I'm afraid that
your father is correct.
No, but...
You cannot defeat
Cell as you are...
You would only
give him one more victory.
I don t care...!
that s still
gotta be better than
doing nothing while
everyone we
care about is down
there fighting against Cell!
Try to understand, right now,
you Saiyans are the only hope
the world has for
putting a stop to Cell.
You must not
throw that hope away
by rushing in to
fight before you re ready...
Please...
Piccolo would not want that.
[GOKU THINKS] Vegeta...
Hurry up and get out here!
Let's get on with it, shall we?
[CELL LAUGHS SINISTERLY]
I hope you're not
still planning to resist.
You're going to be absorbed
no matter what you do,
so you might as well make it
easy on yourself.
I'll be with you
in just a moment.
[NARRATOR] At last,
Cell closes in on his prey,
and there seems no
way for Android 17
to escape his evil clutches.
Will the monster
finally take his
first step towards perfection?
The struggle continues--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ CLOSING SONG ♪
[ANDROID 17]
Yo, 17 here
Hey, 16--
are you really fighting?!
[ANDROID 16] Thanks to you two,
I've seen the beauty of nature
and this planet s
many creatures.
I will not let Cell destroy it!
[ANDROID 17] I finally
managed to get out
I"m under Doctor Gero's thumb
I'm not about to be absorbed
by one of his monsters!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai--
[ANDROID 17] You hear
me?! I wanna be free!